welcome to this example solid mastermind
training video for solid edge with
synchronous technology solid mastermind
is the complete online resource for all
of your solid edge training needs and
support questions in the next few
minutes you will see some short examples
of the solid edge st to update training
material the complete series of training
material is available to members of
solid mastermind this preview is part of
the synchronous sheet metal training and
covers the use of the flange command the
flange command also works in an object
action mode and only becomes available
after selecting a thickness face as such
there is no specific flange command
returning to our example model will
select this thickness face
this will cause a special sheetmetal
steering wheel to appear and the Kwik
bar will change to the move mode
selecting the larger primary axis will
allow the thickness face to be moved as
shown alternatively selecting a smaller
handle that is vertical to the thickest
face a quick bar will change and offer
flange options as well as start a
dynamic mode for pulling the flange up
or down during this dynamic mode the
flange height and angle fields are
active and available to type values into
we can toggle between the two fields by
using the tab key we'll click to create
this flange looking in the Pathfinder we
can see that a flange feature has been
created if required
or thickness faces can be selected at
the same time this allows multiple
flanges to be created together as shown
here as we pick these four edges
we'll repeat this process again and pick
another for
Edge's when creating multiple adjacent
flanges at once the bend order is
calculated according to size where
shorter sides are folded before longer
sides also there are multiple flange
features created in the Pathfinder one
for each physical flange on the model
the Kwik bar contains
flange length measurement the material
location such as inside outside or bend
outside
there is a partial flange option as well
as various key point locate settings
hitting the options button brings up the
flange option dialog with all the
settings for Bend relief and corner
relief note that these need to be set
accordingly at the time the feature is
created as they cannot be changed
afterwards without deleting the flange
and recreating this is with the
exception of the global material
parameters which can be changed at any
time when the partial fledge option is
set the point at which the thickness
edge was selected is used as the
starting edge for the flange the partial
flange width is equal to one third of
the total length of the selected face
again the length and angle fields are
present during its creation note that
nonlinear thickness faces such as bends
are not allowed for the flange command
and there is no local profile generated
for a flange like there is in
traditional modeling
you